README.md, before:

# WildWeb3

WildWeb3 is my space for experimenting with smart contracts, testing Web3 ideas, and documenting tricky implementations. This project is a sandbox where I explore different aspects of blockchain development, keep examples of interesting Solidity contracts, and try out some different things.

## What’s Inside?

- [ ] 🔍 Smart Contract Experiments – A collection of cool, tricky, and sometimes useful Solidity examples.
- [ ] 💡 Web3 Testing Ground – A place to test contracts.
- [ ] 🖥 Interactive UI – A Streamlit-powered frontend for user ease of use.
- [ ] ⚙️ REST API Backend – Uses FastAPI to drive compilation, deployment, and contract interaction.
- [ ] 📦 Dockerized Setup – Ensuring an isolated and reproducible development environment.
- [ ] 🛡 Security Practices – Experiments with key management, Infura API usage, and best practices.
- [ ] 🚀 Future Expansion – Eventually exploring Rust for Web3 backend services or contract compilation.

WildWeb3 is not a polished framework — it's my place for testing ideas, trying things out, and recording my blockchain development journey.

## Documentation

- [Setup Instructions](docs/setup.md)
- [Frontend](docs/frontend.md)
- [Python Backend](docs/python-backend.md)

Commit message:

Added compile and deploy scripts, updated frontend/backend to drive it

README.md, after:

# WildWeb3

WildWeb3 is my space for experimenting with smart contracts, testing Web3 ideas, and documenting tricky implementations. This project is a sandbox where I explore different aspects of blockchain development, keep examples of interesting Solidity contracts, and try out some different things.

## What’s Inside?

- [ ] 🔍 Smart Contract Experiments – A collection of cool, tricky, and sometimes useful Solidity examples.
- [ ] 💡 Web3 Testing Ground – A place to test contracts.
- [ ] 🖥 Interactive UI – A Streamlit-powered frontend for user ease of use.
- [ ] ⚙️ REST API Backend – Uses FastAPI to drive compilation, deployment, and contract interaction.
- [ ] 📦 Dockerized Setup – Ensuring an isolated and reproducible development environment.
- [ ] 🛡 Security Practices – Experiments with key management, Infura API usage, and best practices.
- [ ] 🚀 Future Expansion – Eventually exploring Rust for Web3 backend services or contract compilation.

WildWeb3 is not a polished framework — it's my place for testing ideas, trying things out, and recording my blockchain development journey.

## Quick Start

1. **Setup Environment Variables**:
   - Follow the [Setup Instructions](docs/setup.md) to create the necessary configuration files and environment variables.

2. **Build and Run with Docker Compose**:
   - Navigate to the project root directory.
   - Run the following command to build and start the services:
     ```sh
     docker-compose up --build
     ```

3. **Access the Frontend**:
    - Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8501`.

## Documentation

- [Setup Instructions](docs/setup.md)
- [Frontend](docs/frontend.md)
- [Python Backend](docs/python-backend.md)
